In this lesson, we're going to create a service control policy and apply it to our production accounts.
Back in the console, the first thing I need to do is show you how to switch roles so that we're actually
going to connect in to the production accounts.
Now I'm going to copy this account number.
So I'm in organizations.
I've expanded the route here.
We have the production of you and then the production accounts.
And I just want to copy this account number to my clipboard.
And here's a file which is in your course.
Download in the organization's folder and it's called Switch Roles Dot Text.
I'm just going to add this entry into here, so I now have account number and then the account number
of my account that I want to switch into.
And you'll find this file in code organizations switch roles.
The role name is organization account access role, and I've got my display name for that account as
DCT production.
You can change that if you want.
So make sure you've got your account number.
We're going to need this to switch roles.
So back in the console, up in the top right hand corner here, click on us down Arrow and choose Switch
roles at the top.
Here will click on this button Switch Roll Pastebin Account Number.
Copy the name of our roll paste out in the middle here.
Going to copy the name, the display name and paste that in here and then you can choose a color.
Maybe I'm going to choose red for this one because it's a production accounts.
I want to be very careful with it, and that's ready.
I can now switch roll.
So we're now locked into the production accounts and we've gained permissions assigned to the role that
we just switched roles with.
And that role has all permissions, so it has full permissions in this account.
Now what I'm going to do is go over to i.am and we're going to create a role.
So let's go to roles, create role.
I'm going to choose the easy to use case.
Click on Next.
And I want to add some permissions, so maybe I'll choose as free and give it as free.
Read only access.
Click on Next Guy to review.
I'll give it a name, deny role, modification test and create the role so that work.
So clearly I have the permissions.
I need to do that.
If I go into the role, I can then add additional permissions.
So maybe I need Dynamo DB.
Full access will attach that policy and that's no problem as well.
So we definitely have the permissions we need to perform those operations.
Now what I'm going to do is copy the and for the role, it's important to copy the role ran, not the
instance profile.
Right now we have this code and what we're going to do is under resource.
We're going to override this iren paste the IRA for our role in there and now we have some JSON code
for our service control policy.
And what this code does is it's a deny policy that's going to deny access to any of these permissions
on this specific resource.
So in other words, we won't be able to attach a role policy.
We won't be able to delete the role.
We won't be able to put a role policy and so on.
So we're going to have a lot of restrictions placed upon us for IAM permissions related to modifying
this role.
So let's copy this information to our clipboard.
We'll come back and we're going to switch back to the management accounts to do that, click on the
down arrow and choose back to and then whatever your username is from the management accounts back in
the management account, I'm going to go over to U.S. organizations in organizations.
Let's click on policies on the left hand side.
You'll see that service control policies are disabled, so let's enable service control policies.
Now you'll notice that the full IWC access policy exists.
That's an IWC managed policy, and it allows access to every operation by the full organization uses
what's called a deny list strategy.
That means there's an ACP at the Roots, which flows down to the entire organization and that isn't
allow policy.
You then add your list seeps wherever you need to in the hierarchy.
So if I click on the policy name, scroll down.
You can see that the JSON is an allow for any action, on any resource and on the targets.
You'll see the organization, the organizational unit, production and base, the management account,
as well as the production account.
So let's go up a level to service control policies.
We're going to create a policy.
I'm going to scroll down to where the JSON is.
Let's delete all of this code, paste our code in the includes our ihren.
I'm going to give it a name.
And then come down and create the policy.
So the policy is creative, but it's not attached anyway yet.
So let's go to IWC accounts.
I'm going to choose my production of you, go to policies and then on the right hand side there, click
on Attach and I'm going to attach the deny access to a specific role policy I just created will attach
that policy, and those permissions will now be restricted for any accounts that's in this production.
Oh, you back in IAM?
I'm going to switch accounts again back to DCT production, and here's our role.
So let's go and attach a policy to the role.
Maybe now I need AIDS permissions.
So I'm going to choose Khaled's full access and click on Attach.
And this time it has a words it says you need permissions.
Let's cancel out of there.
Let's try and remove one of these policies.
Again, it's not going to work, so the CCP has now restricted those permissions.
Now, of course, I can create another role.
So let's create another role and just test that it doesn't apply to a different role or choose to allow
administrator access and we'll create the role.
I'm just going to give it the test akpro name and just prove that I can create roles so that worked
successfully.
So really, it's just this specific role because that's the resource specified in the policy for this
specific role.
We cannot modify any permissions, but we can create other roles because we do have IAM permissions.
So that's all I wanted to show you in this lesson.
We can go back up to the management accounts and if I switch back to organizations, if you want to
detach that policy, you would just go back to policies, choose the policy and then detach.
And that's no longer going to apply to that account.
So you can now delete that role if you want to.